welcome back to another episode and I
just wanted to do a quick look at and
you book that's come out The Legend of
Zelda Hyrule historia this book came out
in Japan over a year plus ago now and
the internet was buzzing saying when are
we gonna get a version an English
version of Hyrule Astoria Dark Horse
Comics here actually published a book in
English and it just came out a few weeks
back now let's have a quick look at it
let's have a look what's in here now the
entire beginning of the book is looking
at Skyward Sword and it's looking at the
artwork the storyline the concept art
and there's basically 59 pages just some
Skyward Sword alone and that's really
interesting and I I haven't finished
Skyward Sword I really need to get back
to that that's actually when I was
checking out the artwork I'm like I
really need to be playing this game now
we come to the history of Hyrule and
this has been a huge subject of debate
on the internet for years and I think it
will be for years to come I think it'll
be going for the rest of my entire life
hearing this and that is the the history
of Hyrule the chronology of the entire
series how each game relates to each
other the order of them all now I a long
time ago just kind of gave up and
thought man each game is its own
individual game but they are actually
are all related and they all have
actually a universe in which they work
in order supposedly I I was reading a
little bit about it earlier in aslan I
was going man I'm computers but that's a
really cool thing but what are some of
my favorite things in this book man the
artwork is just incredible it's so nice
to finally have a definitive book that
grabs all of the Zelda games don't work
and put two into one and we start off
with one of my favorite games and that
is here we go this is great ah damn it
this is a good one it's so rare to see
this artwork for the original Legend of
Zelda the first game I mean I've never
seen any of the the concept art like
this and some of the level design
breakdowns I was amazing oh and then
this work obviously the pre-production
artwork on the original Legend of Zelda
and I'll be honest with you I kind of
bought the book for the Hat because it's
just so damn awesome and then we get
into it links to past artwork it's just
so damn good I then into an orc arena of
time but yours mask winwaker Twilight
Princess Phantom Hourglass and it this
is also really cool just to have a look
at how link has changed over the years
now
you guys know my favorite link is I'm an
old-school gamer guy I I like the
original look of link from the very
first one but isn't it interesting to
see how he is progressed over the years
it's funny how he's become so mature
looking now he's it's it's all like a
major young adult before he was just
like some little elf boy and now he's
actually more of an adult looking
character except for like the Wind Waker
games and and the Four Swords games he's
a little bit different there is a little
bit more of a cartoon style character
but and then also for Zelda the
different looks of Zelda over the years
well yeah I love the original artwork
though it's so simple so simple but the
origins progressed it's it's amazing
where they've kind of gone with the
character over the years and how
different each character is it's quite
cool now and then into Ganon father's
life very cool and then this is the
great thing it shows you all of the
different games but and the packaging
and then we get into a zelda manga and I
haven't read this yet as I say I just
picked up the book but very very cool
I'm at a highly recommends this book to
any Zelda fan if you're just a gsella
fan and you played a few games you like
I go mine the Zelda series but honestly
still get this no book it's it will
really make your day I got this for 34
dollars at a toy store actually so I was
very very happy to get that
now here
there's this book and then there's this
version of it here we go and this is the
limited collector's edition of Hyrule
historia
it's Britt's gonna you know obviously
the brown look to it it is a
leather-bound book and it's very it's
become very collectible I I ordered this
online from Amazon a long time ago came
remember maybe six months plus back and
I ordered then you know I got this book
in the comic store and and I forgot that
I ordered this and this book ship
there's a Wow and it's sold out pretty
much everywhere so hey if anybody down
below knows where you can get this book
please tell everybody else where you can
get a copy of this book he was on
thinkgeek and it sold out there within a
day so this is a very big collector's
item going you know for crazy amounts of
money now on eBay it's stupid but guys
that's my quick look at Hyrule historia
a very beautiful well put together book
by Dark Horse on the entire Zelda
universe and every Zelda game ever made
highly recommended anyways guys until
next time